1. Acceptance: to be open to and accepting of myself, others, life etc

2. Adventure: to be adventurous; to actively seek, create, or explore novel or stimulating
experiences

3. Assertiveness: to respectfully stand up for my rights and request what I want

4. Authenticity: to be authentic, genuine, real; to be true to myself

5. Beauty: to appreciate, create, nurture or cultivate beauty in myself, others, the
environment etc

6. Caring: to be caring towards myself, others, the environment etc

7. Challenge: to keep challenging myself to grow, learn, improve

8. Compassion: to act with kindness towards those who are suffering

9. Connection: to engage fully in whatever I am doing, and be fully present with others

10. Contribution: to contribute, help, assist, or make a positive difference to myself or
others

11. Conformity: to be respectful and obedient of rules and obligations

12. Cooperation: to be cooperative and collaborative with others

13. Courage: to be courageous or brave; to persist in the face of fear, threat, or difficulty

14. Creativity: to be creative or innovative

15. Curiosity: to be curious, open-minded and interested; to explore and discover

16. Encouragement: to encourage and reward behaviour that I value in myself or others

17. Equality: to treat others as equal to myself, and vice-versa

18. Excitement: to seek, create and engage in activities that are exciting, stimulating or
thrilling

19. Fairness: to be fair to myself or others

20. Fitness: to maintain or improve my fitness; to look after my physical and mental
health and wellbeing

21. Flexibility: to adjust and adapt readily to changing circumstances

22. Freedom: to live freely; to choose how I live and behave, or help others do likewise

23. Friendliness: to be friendly, companionable, or agreeable towards others

24. Forgiveness: to be forgiving towards myself or others

25. Fun: to be fun-loving; to seek, create, and engage in fun-filled activities

26. Generosity: to be generous, sharing and giving, to myself or others

27. Gratitude: to be grateful for and appreciative of the positive aspects of myself, others
and life

28. Honesty: to be honest, truthful, and sincere with myself and others

29. Humour: to see and appreciate the humorous side of life

30. Humility: to be humble or modest; to let my achievements speak for themselves

31. Industry: to be industrious, hard-working, dedicated

32. Independence: to be self-supportive, and choose my own way of doing things

33. Intimacy: to open up, reveal, and share myself -- emotionally or physically – in my
close personal relationships

34. Justice: to uphold justice and fairness

35. Kindness: to be kind, compassionate, considerate, nurturing or caring towards myself
or others

36. Love: to act lovingly or affectionately towards myself or others

37. Mindfulness: to be conscious of, open to, and curious about my here-and-now
experience

38. Order: to be orderly and organized

39. Open-mindedness: to think things through, see things from other’s points of view, and
weigh evidence fairly.

40. Patience: to wait calmly for what I want

41. Persistence: to continue resolutely, despite problems or difficulties.

42. Pleasure: to create and give pleasure to myself or others

43. Power: to strongly influence or wield authority over others, e.g. taking charge,
leading, organizing

44. Reciprocity: to build relationships in which there is a fair balance of giving and taking

45. Respect: to be respectful towards myself or others; to be polite, considerate and show
positive regard

46. Responsibility: to be responsible and accountable for my actions

47. Romance: to be romantic; to display and express love or strong affection

48. Safety: to secure, protect, or ensure safety of myself or others

49. Self-awareness: to be aware of my own thoughts, feelings and actions

50. Self-care: to look after my health and wellbeing, and get my needs met

51. Self-development: to keep growing, advancing or improving in knowledge, skills,
character, or life experience.

52. Self-control: to act in accordance with my own ideals

53. Sensuality: to create, explore and enjoy experiences that stimulate the five senses

54. Sexuality: to explore or express my sexuality

55. Spirituality: to connect with things bigger than myself

56. Skilfulness: to continually practice and improve my skills, and apply myself fully
when using them

57. Supportiveness: to be supportive, helpful, encouraging, and available to myself or
others

58. Trust: to be trustworthy; to be loyal, faithful, sincere, and reliable